Ah, yes, this brother-in-law taught him a lesson, yes?
In this way, I will definitely change it in the future.
You have a lot.
Forgive us this time
Sister, sister, please intercede with your brother-in-law
Ask him to forgive us
You can't just watch your sister starve to death
Bar
Urgent interruption of a message
The Jiangnan area is searching for human treason today
Haoran has now launched a national championship
The richest man in the building and the two gods will be treated as comrades
Those who find information will be rewarded
Ok you traitor
He dares to pretend to be a big-tailed wolf in front of us
Waste is waste
There we go.
You are all wanted
I'll see what you do.
Oh, dear.
Fortunately, we broke with them early.
Otherwise, the high and low will affect us both
Stop talking nonsense with them
Report it now
Otherwise, this salary will be robbed by others, right?
Haoran
There we go.
Don't worry.
Young Master, something bad is going on
I have seen it
And not only that.
Zhenbei Wang Shizi came to Jiangnan in person this time to be menacing
And he announced in Jiangnan
Public execution tomorrow
Who to execute
Your mother?
What!